[core] Enforce maxRetries for steps that time out (#3035)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/step-maxretries-timeout.md

---
'@workflow/core': patch
---

> Enforce `maxRetries` for steps that time out. A step killed by the function timeout writes no error, so retries were previously unbounded; the retry ceiling is now enforced from the event-log start count (inline) and the queue delivery count (background) before each attempt runs.

Author: ```suggestion
Enforce `maxRetries` for inline and backgrounded steps that time out
```
